# Website-Srijan-Entry-2023-2024
This repository contains the code for the website built by Atishaya Gupta and Pranit Sanwalka of Grade 10 from Dhirubhai Ambani International School talking about India's G20 and it's central theme of One Planet, for the Srijan Competition 2023.

- Taking inspiration from the 2023 G20 Summit Theme set by india - VasudHAIV Kutumbaikam, Meaning One Earth, One Family, One Future
- We decided to create our website to help our fellow indian citizens, and people around the world, learn the relevance of this imperative theme in todays world, and the importance of Indias G20 presidencey, and why it should not only be a matter of pride for us indians, but also should be appreciated by the global Community

Our website home page talks about the importance of the theme, and splits the theme into its 3 induvidual components, and then disecting them to help everyone understand the importance of the theme, and its national and global context. Next, if we click on G20 and India, we can take a deep dive into the significance of the G20, and Indias presidency. Scrolling down, we also wanted to show our readers some inspiring speeches made by our prime minister Narendra Modi, and other g20 policymakers. Ultimately, we understood that it was also important for all of us to understand the depth of the theme established by our nation during the G20 2023 summit, and how we, as indians, and members of the global community, can take it forward. Finally, we also wanted to allow our readers to further their national pride, and further explore the topic, so we provided them with links to websites that we thought were important, or that we referred to. We also provided credits to the images we used.

We hope that you enjoy reading through our website and interacting with its numerous features, and that at the end of the day, you learn something new! And perhaps, maybe all of us will gain newfound pride in the wonderful country that we live in.
